This is a head-gum original.
It's an extravaganza today. I don't know what else to say. We've got six fucking guests on the show.
Jake and a mirror. Oh, it's kind of a get.
Oh, I'm on nearly every episode. We got Riley. We got Kayleigh. We got Marieka.
All on the sacks on the facts for going up the rear. Jake, you look really handsome today.
Thanks, Sam. Jake didn't want to be here. You guys will kind of have some to do that.
What? You also have some to do?
Jake, look at him.
You look kind of handsome. And then it was a quick re-correct. I mean, you look handsome.
It's really that he's not wearing shorts.
I wasn't wearing shorts in the last episode.
And then it's the white tea blue jeans because she didn't look as handsome an hour ago.
It's still the same shoes though.
Marieka's already gone.
Nothing's even happened. She's over him.
No, it's not.
15 minutes in, I could not.
She's pretty peek-a-boo with us.
How's everybody feeling?
I want to kind of phone on the couch and I couldn't bear to be without it.
Wow.
During the episode.
You can't unplug for even 43 minutes.
Ooh, kind of feeling I'm going to be.
This might be an hour and a half.
That's a joke.
I want to kind of give the floor to y'all.
There's six of us on the show.
There's two producers on Voice of God.
Mike, what is going on with you guys? What do you want to talk about?
What's wrong with you?
I'm manic.
Depressive.
Yeah.
I've never seen you more tense.
The ears that I have known you.
I've never seen you as rigid.
If I like tapped you, you wouldn't fall over and shatter.
I'm a boss.
You're well tight today, man.
You're well super tight.
You're a ton.
Yeah.
Well, I was taught to be relaxed.
Were you?
Yeah.
So it's sort of an act of.
Rebellion, yeah.
Come kind.
Yeah, what's up with everybody?
Come on.
Let's keep it going.
I mean, also I'm doing great.
Really?
Yeah.
That's so.
It's a fun time.
Like your weekend plan to Friday.
So what's a fun time?
It's awesome.
It's just almost Saturday.
And then yeah.
So they were on the court.
You're going for Sunday.
And then Monday.
I'm a week, night warrior.
Yeah.
I feel like they're on the day.
Because Monday isn't here yet.
Yeah.
That's what I do.
I love what I do.
I don't know what else to say.
What else is going on with everybody else?
I'm missing the first preview of and Julia tonight.
Really?
So jealous.
Is that a two box musical?
Yeah.
What?
Come on.
Come on the way.
Oh.
It's.
I can't.
If you buy ticket, you can also see the show.
Not necessarily with me.
Yeah.
I'm not stopping you from going.
Well, I feel like we'd go together.
And I really you'd provide the ticket and the access.
And they do the wine in the little sippy top thing.
Well, you get to buy that for sure.
And then you know 24 dollars.
You're obviously going to buy a double.
So yeah, that's like $24.
So you go for what's musical for what for what band isn't it usually one band?
Or is it just like a suit?
So this is a.
It's a songwriter that wrote songs for like Britney Spears.
Backstreet boys, like all of the huge hits.
Keshows below trying to just like go songs that are.
Doct.
This is Doctor Luke's music.
It's a Luke box musical.
Nice.
Oh, yes.
Very good.
Perfect.
Um, they add.
So it just about songs.
Yeah.
That's pop song style.
Oh, well, not real.
I mean, they're they're definitely just like very poppy sounding.
And we could just for the sake of time.
I think we don't explore the nuance within.
He doesn't have to get it exactly what it is.
I was just going to say it's about what if Julia didn't die at the end of Romeo and Juliet.
That's fun.
That's the whole plot.
Yeah.
It's fun.
It's a good time.
Sodom Monday and excited to see it tonight.
Stronger than yes.
I actually be in it.
I love that song.
It's good.
Kayla Riley.
Arm wrestle for who gets to go next.
I love that.
Yeah.
I want to that.
I'll defer.
Put it on a glove.
Speaking of defer.
You have you have a heart out today because you're.
You have a call back for a commercial for the US Army Reserve.
Hey, dude.
I mean.
It's one of those things where she wants to be.
I have to leave it one to one.
Even if we're still going.
I'm sorry.
I will be getting up and leaving the room.
It's in the military.
If you're earlier on time.
You're on time.
Yeah.
Who are?
Yes.
Bring your King James Bible.
Riley.
The few of the proud.
It's already packed, brother.
It's in the super house.
Hi.
Ready to go.
And we should say that your King James Bible is just something you bought it.
So the bees that used to be owned by Lebron.
Yes.
Yeah.
It's Lebron's old Bible.
That's it.
Yeah.
Kayla.
Well, I came into the office today to take some calls.
And now I'm on this podcast.
That was unexpected.
Okay.
They were basically accustomed to me saying, okay.
They really want to be on the show today.
I don't think that's true.
Who's they?
Y'all.
I'm not going to betray you like this.
But we'll talk about this afterwards.
Wow.
She's a wonderful.
Playing both sides.
I don't even know how to feel about that.
That's the only way for the group chat.
com.
I just come in here to take a call and I'm just got put on the show to embarrass me like that.
You can't do this to me.
Okay.
I can't believe there are eight people on the show tonight.
I'm tired too, man.
Is this the most people that's ever been on an action?
Yeah.
At the live show at the live show, there was like 10 people on stage.
She should be.
Yeah.
But in different combinations, I think eight at once has never happened.
So other than the US national.
No one has.
Are you losers?
What's the new in-the-life in times of Marie-Jude?
I mean, what's bigger than that, right?
Your middle names?
Yeah.
Or the commercial.
Both.
I think I'm going to go see that I'm forgetting the name of it.
But the new Colin Farrell Martin McDonough movie tonight.
The band she used to have in this Sharon.
Yes, I'm seeing that tonight.
Great, thank you.
I'm very excited.
It's a favorite movie of the year.
That's what I've heard.
I've heard it's awesome.
And it's very Irish.
It's like, you know.
What?
What do you, what does that have to do with you?
You're taking credit for Ireland now.
What?
And you acted like we all know.
Oh, you know.
That's very...
Say it.
What do you have to do with Ireland?
I'm curious.
Do you guys know?
Or is it like common knowledge?
Okay.
We've never done this before.
What?
I want you guys to take out your phones, start recording a voice memo, and go out
into the other room and settle this.
No way.
We don't have to do that.
And then when you come back in, whatever I'll edit it in seamlessly,
we'll hear the conflict resolution.
In full.
That'll take 10 to 10 minutes.
And I remember I haven't already had a heart out.
So.
I have a shout-in-go-on.
You fucking kidding.
Why do we have so many people on today's episode?
Uh, it was a thing that I asked to...
I asked for people and didn't realize it.
And then Kayla walked in and I was like,
okay, it was never in LA.
Let me just...
We already have five.
Why not?
It's too many people.
I'm down to lead.
No, Jake.
You can leave at the ad break if you want.
That's...
And I'm being serious.
You can leave at the ad break.
Also, there's...
Yeah, there's really important seconds to get through.
Don't give it that out.
Jake, it's pounding.
It's fucking down.
You need it?
Give it an egg time or no.
Everyone's up too.
Let's take a quick break.
Well, you didn't go.
I, uh, yeah.
Nothing's up with me.
Just hanging out.
Um, if you're not giving yourself an upgraded man.
Give it a dog.
Yeah.
You liked 100 miles?
Uh, yep, did a century.
That was a few.
That was a month ago.
Or three or four weeks ago.
Yeah.
Like, still good now, though.
Well, let's keep it going with everybody's bonds of the weed.
It's segment size.
You say the segment size?
I'm waiting on fucking Barbara, broccoli or otherwise,
to fucking make a decision.
And it's going to...
You know, it's going to be a Ren-A gene page, or whatever.
Yeah.
Oh, yes.
Reggae, Jean-Page.
That.
My bond of the week has been stellar just so he can get out of his father's shadow.
His father's dead.
Nice.
Well, not going to get much better than screaming at George Costanza.
So he needs something.
He needs a vehicle.
And don't say directing severance was that because it wasn't.
Okay.
I'll say you.
I will say Jeffrey James.
Wow.
Because I feel like nobody is more dialed into this decision than you.
Nobody has considered more bonds than you.
Nobody knows more than what it takes to be bond than you.
I think that's a more of an argument for me to work in casting.
That's interesting.
But you have that impeccable British accent.
Let's hear it.
Yeah.
The face.
This in M.
I'm not too sure about this mission, yeah.
Right.
What's all this saying?
Oh, there's a new bad guy living in the moldy.
I love the work.
Now that I spend, you can do it.
You're going to.
I'll be doing some posh version.
The.
Yeah.
Listen.
I don't know if I can do posh British for some reason.
Then you can.
For some reason.
You are going to.
I don't know why you do all the English dialects except for that.
I guess because it's so cool.
What about James does New York?
So it's bond in like fucking at Rollo's.
Eating so rich one.
Yeah.
That's Queens for sure.
That's New York.
I'm just saying he could be like.
True.
The names bond.
James bond.
And I'm more comfortable doing that accent.
I really only know Brooklyn is because I did a dialect class.
And I was born with Brooklyn.
Wow.
Well, it was for a play.
Obviously.
What play?
Saturday night.
Sometimes first piece.
Yeah.
So the meat.
The one uses a clear reference all the time.
So what do you do on a Saturday night?
Oh, loan.
That's my experience.
Every week in the mirror.
I feel like we've done Jeffrey before.
Because I remember making the Jeffrey James bond.
Yeah.
Same.
Wow.
Was I.
I must imagine that episode.
I guess not.
My bond of the week.
I think it's going to be Dingo her with.
I guess I have it.
We've never had a dog bond.
Yeah.
That's happened with.
There's nothing in the rule book that says that a dog can't be bought.
That's right.
An air-bud bond.
Yeah.
Air-bud bond.
I imagine him in a little suit.
Yeah.
He has the agility and the intelligence.
He's not an air-bud story.
He does.
And he just got a wrist diarrhea.
So I feel like he's he's ready to go.
So he's ready to go.
Yeah.
I did hear that on no time today.
Dingo Craig had to pause production for like two and a half weeks.
Because he had horrible.
Because he wasn't over a day.
She was sort of Kayla style.
Yeah.
Thank you.
He's been put on blast twice on this podcast already.
I don't know why I'm even here.
You got to walk up.
You have the most reason.
I know why she's here.
And she know it's why she's here.
I know.
I just wait till the ad break.
Please.
What?
Not everybody needs to have a bond with me.
But if anybody else has one, let's hear it.
And then let's move on.
I have a quick one.
I'm going to say Bill Hayder.
Because I'm finally catching up on the latest season.
Very.
And I'd kind of like a tree.
Yeah.
You're just attracted to every average looking white guy.
A trap.
A tree.
I loved that.
Anybody else?
Good move on.
Finally.
If you just do it.
Is that fine?
Henry Winkler.
I would also take a ball on it.
Okay.
For the independent scientist,
Warren, that stopping toddler's napping,
could be dangerous.
So.
What's that?
So what?
He takes down.
What is that?
Why didn't read the whole article?
Dangerous for who?
The fucking parents.
Because of the rage of the fatigue.
When I was three, I threw a dish at my daddy.
Okay.
This is why Jeff finds you here.
This is why he was so adamant about you.
All right.
He has a leg.
She has no way.
He heard the rhyme.
He can get out of here.
None of us have kids.
None of us are with child here.
Is that safe to say?
With child needs pregnant.
So.
You know, but that's even that would be a little bit closer to having a dangerous.
Fucker.
What I was for I hurled the bowl at my door.
That was a horrible rhyme.
For the early times of Bay Area Mayor was punched in the chest by a passerby.
That's fine.
A Bay Area Mayor.
So I'm not even the Mayor.
That's good.
A Bay Area.
Yeah.
So is that a tour area?
Just because it's like, I, this episode, and then I was on a couple weeks ago, but
I have been on in years.
Is this a segment?
Like, of you, just kind of like shooting off puns,
based off headline.
It's news of the day.
I have the same question.
I have the same question because you've been on like three months.
Yeah.
That was three months.
Wow.
Yeah.
You just have theme songs.
And here's a new segment.
You just kind of launch into like, don't wake a kid up.
And what are we supposed to do with that?
Don't worry, darling.
It's always been part of the wax.
Don't call me darling.
Never.
No.
It's a staple of the show for, I feel like two years has been waxed.
And then also I started introducing news of the day.
And now I've sort of morphed the two.
Come up with a love child.
And it's this.
The wax of the now.
Really.
It also sounds like a waxing salon.
It's bad.
It's a bad time to be a booster slacker.
It says the Atlantic.
I just got my booster on Wednesday.
How are you feeling?
It really didn't do much to me.
Well, you got a two days ago.
Yeah.
I did too.
I almost did it on yesterday.
I think it's just eight.
So I guess the difference between me and you.
Well, he's improved wax.
But anti boost.
How does that sound to everybody?
Not great.
Not.
It doesn't sound actually.
Yeah.
I got my booster two weeks ago.
I did as well.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
So I'm anti boost.
So that means.
It's like.
Right.
The vaccines work.
The booster who needs it.
The booster is like.
Because they stop working after a while.
Interesting.
I didn't realize that.
Is it interesting?
Let's move on.
I have to do my own research.
But we'll figure it out.
Yeah.
It's the same exact thing.
What is the difference between sweet potatoes and yams?
That's right.
Pretty sure they were the same thing.
I thought we're supposed to wax and see not allowed to interrupt you.
See not allowed to speak.
He is.
It felt like.
Also, wasn't really anyone up to him.
It seemed like that was the end of the.
Is there more?
I have a hot take.
Yeah.
I think sweet potatoes are disgusting.
I do too.
I really actually.
Wait.
Everyone looks like I'm insane.
Yeah.
I.
I think they're fine.
But it's just they're not better than fries.
The idea sometimes they're an upcharge to fries.
I'm like 70% crazy.
And I can make the fries worse.
No.
Yeah.
I don't think the boosters work either, right?
No.
I'm not sure.
We're on the same exact.
They're shoe warning.
No.
We did.
That.
It's not interesting.
Also, I can tell you're bottomless.
I'm just fine.
But it makes me slightly uncomfortable.
I don't really.
Not to know that.
Okay.
I did.
I have to be honest.
Marika and Anya the meeting that we had on Tuesday.
I wasn't wearing pants.
Yeah.
I'll tell you.
You don't have to tell us.
Well, it's because I had.
I had not.
I'm also not wearing pants.
Yes.
I feel the commission is worse than the crime on this one.
All right.
Well, I'll edit that out.
When we record virtually.
Yeah.
I've never done bottomless.
I don't want to be a view.
Or on the Hickenbuck.
It was just that meeting because I thought it was going to be late.
And then I couldn't find my pants because I was not in my house.
Can I confess something about that meeting?
Yeah.
And it's not a sushi restaurant.
Where are you wearing pants?
Also bottomless.
Bottomless.
Mamosas.
Oh.
Damn.
Um.
You all ready for fish?
Oh.
Get damn things.
This is not my god.
No.
Jesus.
I'm not dying.
I'm serving it to you.
Yeah.
Ready for fish.
I think you're like, oh, yeah.
That's guillaume.
All right.
Let's take a break.
And we're going to have some.
For some of these folks.
What is the difference between sweet potatoes in the end?
My God.
Although sweet potatoes in the end are both roof vegetables.
They are not related to one another.
And different taste texture and appearance.
Great.
Thank you.
Awesome.
So they are the same.
Guys, it's Halloween.
Or when you're listening to this November 4th.
Been listening to a lot of Halloween music.
Specifically the monster mash.
Specifically it's almost Halloween.
Panic at the disco, et cetera.
I've also been listening to a lot of Hollywood handbook.
My favorite podcast.
Go listen to that instead of this one.
And it's been great.
And one reason why it's been great to listen to is because I use my Raycon wireless ear buds to do it.
Right?
Raycon's everyday ear buds look, feel, and sound better than ever.
With optimized gel tips for the perfect in-ear fit.
These things never fall out of my ears.
No matter how many secret staircases I walk up and down,
either than they're on.
And they're so comfortable.
I promise you they will not budge.
I promise you they feel better in my ears than other leading wireless air bud brands.
Raycon gives you eight hours of playtime with a 32-hour battery life.
And the price just right.
All right?
These things are also easy to lose.
Not that you want to lose them or have to replace them all the time,
but they are half the price of other premium audio brands.
It's no wonder why Raycon's everyday ear buds have over 50,000 five-star reviews.
And you know what?
I'll do you one better.
Five stars.
There's three customizable sound profiles.
So you can up the base.
You can do a focus or listening mode.
They really have incredible functionality.
And I sing their praises.
I even if they stop sponsoring the show,
I would still use them.
They really are that good.
And you guys know that music means a lot to the world.
Right?
Music is love and love is love is love is love.
So by Raycon.
I don't know what else to say.
You can also do noise isolation.
Right?
And awareness mode.
So if you're out in public and you want to be able to hear a little bit more of your surroundings.
That's when I use awareness mode.
So go to buyraycon.com today and use code.
What's that 15?
To get 15% off.
You're Raycon order.
That's code.
What's that 15?
At buyraycon.com to score 15% off.
Again, once more.
That's buyraycon.com.
Code.
What's that 15?
Thanks Raycon.
What else do you got?
Oh, I got something else for you guys.
So.
Don't say it like that.
As we all know.
For months on the show.
Oh my god.
I had been sort of toying with the idea of not only joy, but also once I reached
10,000 followers on Twitter.
You'd bear your ass.
I'd bear my ass for all to see on the timeline of Twitter.
You couldn't find her eye in there.
That couldn't see.
Yeah, I knew you were like a 10.
It happened last week.
Last Wednesday, I believe.
10,000.
Still there.
Still at 10,000.
And I immediately panicked.
I didn't know what to do.
I didn't know who to be.
I didn't know if I should show everything down to my knees.
So I took a photo.
I took a selfie time or photo in my living room.
That ultimately was a good photo with me.
But it wasn't funny.
I was like, it's better than it just not post this than to post this photo.
Because it's just not, you're not it.
You know, I said it.
You're not it.
Fuck all of you.
Yeah.
So.
I did a thing.
I hired a Boudoir photographer.
Oh my god.
Okay.
That's what I wanted a pure space loft downtown.
This all cost me $500.
And I want to make good on the promise.
I just unfollowed you.
It looks like you're back for three.
I'm seeing nine, eight.
Oh, one.
There you go.
Yeah.
Wow.
I'm a man of my word.
I cry.
Not only in terms of posting the photo.
But of all the.
Honestly, I verbally surrounding my.
Rump.
So without further ado.
Oh, my god.
I'm up.
Hang on.
Let me find us.
Are we all good with seeing Jeff's ass?
Yeah.
Can I also get verbal consent from everybody and if everybody doesn't want to see this, you can step out of the room.
You should be a photo of your ass before.
So it's not your thing.
I haven't seen and I didn't get.
Give you consent for the last time.
So Casey.
Yeah.
I've already seen a photo of your ass.
I didn't give consent for that.
I don't know where you saw that.
I'm your phone, Jake's phone.
Someone showed it.
That's how I'm offended.
It's been passed around.
Being asked around.
No.
Oh.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I'd also like to see your ass.
All right.
I've been waiting.
We just need to be.
Yes.
Sure.
Definitely.
I said.
I have also already seen your ass.
Hello.
Oh my god.
John C.
That is part-skinned by Zona Gail.
I mean, it's just an ass.
Why is that bad?
We have to tweet it.
I'm going to tweet it right now.
We're going to get the light.
Yeah.
Why is it the time to stop looking on your face?
Are you cross?
I'm all tired.
Okay, and here's my question to y'all.
You guys can help me craft this.
Do I capture it at all?
I think no cat.
Yeah.
Present.
It's tweeted.
Will it be blurred?
Like, you know, it's like, click to reveal.
Or is it just like, it just normal?
Well, now Elon owns the bitch.
Yeah.
I mean, this is a musk scene, right?
Should I retweet it?
Also, you must have taken more photos than this.
Yeah.
I want to see the outtakes also.
Do you want to see the outtakes?
I don't want to show you afterwards.
Because the other ones are more revealing.
And I don't feel comfortable showing the internet.
Like, I want to.
I want to.
Like, how are they coaching you through this?
They.
You did unfollow me.
It's as jicker which followed you back.
Yeah.
You just want to see if I was at 10.
I want to see if I was at 10.
Yeah.
I want to see if I could push the.
Put you the other way.
Yeah.
I just want to get the live tweeter.
Link the likes, re-tweets and comments.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Live tweeter.
Yeah.
Let's see some live tweeters.
We're at nine, like, so 10 likes.
It'll be so sad if it just doesn't look like two re-tweets.
Seven likes.
It's funny because it's actually true.
Like, it was a build-up to a thing.
And now it's here.
And that's it.
God.
I finally got to see the high-res photo.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Jeff, are you aware, if you, if I turn my brightness up, I can see whole.
Is that fine with you?
Oh my God.
Are you?
I've looked at it every week.
Wait, you can see crack.
You can't see whole.
There's a hint of nut down here by you.
There's me.
No way.
Did your family know you did this?
I called my mom afterwards because we had a phone call scheduled.
And she was like, what'd you do today?
And I was like, oh my God.
I had a photo shoot.
Also, the heart's kindred thing was in my child, like, not childhood bedroom, but my parents
house, the place I sleep at.
And I was like, oh can you send me that book?
I needed for a thing.
And she was like, yeah, what do you need it for?
I'm like, I'll photoshoot.
And then like, I just was dancing around it and she was finding, like, what was
the photo shoot?
And I was like, I, it was a Twitter bit, you know, you know, it's a little racially
clad, but you know, it's nothing.
It's pretty tasty.
Yeah.
But I, I can see that this is your parents living room.
I know these.
God.
This was, I mean, I can show you the other one.
I know's your boots.
Those are my cowboy boots.
And in the conversation you had with the photographer.
Oh, and that was, that was also a very serendipitous, right?
So I got to 10,000 on a Wednesday and I was like, this needs to go up ASAP, rocky.
And it, I was like, oh, and I reached out to my photographer, but who was Ferrell's photographer.
She's unbelievable.
This is the day you got boosted, right?
This was Latin.
No, this was a week from then.
Yeah.
Anyway, but she was still in New York and also was like, I can't do it pro bono.
And my rate is really high.
This was the, uh, other so much, which I'm like, I can't believe, that one has rise.
That one straight up as well.
That's why it's cropped so high.
Also, you could see my dick and balls in this one, so I had to crop it.
Oh, and this was the, this was the other one was, uh, hey, being this close to the city.
Oh, my god.
An inch away.
Are you flexing your butt, so no, my ass is really good.
Can I share my feet back on this one?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Because I, I didn't see this one previously.
I told him that he should crop out his head, which I think looks way, so if we just zoom in,
no, but if we zoom in and crop out your head, people with a single semener.
But then how will they know?
Yeah.
No, but people with a single semener.
That's like that's like that's bad photo.
Yeah.
I think that's proportion better.
I think it makes your head look weird.
All right.
Well, you know what, that, I'm just saying that that was the outtick.
I don't want to show the one because people can pause it, and it is too revealing.
But I will show you, I can upass it around for anyone who wants to see it.
This was the other one that was a little more Kim Kay was a little more a break the internet,
but is truly what do you mean, this one's revealing what do you mean by revealing?
I'm not sending it to anyone.
No one's going to have it on their phone.
You're not going to text it to me?
Of course not.
You're going to wing to it, man.
What are we going to do after the ad break?
It's just like, like, speel or no speel, like, how do we move on from that?
God, where the fuck did it go?
Or any replies, by the way, it feels like people are just like, like, you got a little
refresh?
Yeah, I'll look.
Yeah, there are a lot of, a lot of replies.
Low energy Jeff.
There's a quote to me.
Does anybody want to see the other selects, like, outticks?
You can flash them.
I'm not going to see them.
You're sending them to me.
I want to see them.
But when you say revealing, like, is this, she sees her eyes.
I need to get going.
Yeah.
This one involves him sitting on a goi tiger.
This is me on a tiger, a metal tiger, and now, like, the cheeks are kind of red.
I might, this might be my favorite.
Yeah.
People like that one better, but I don't feel comfortable posting it.
Do you want to see me or send it to me?
I'll send it to you.
I'll send it to on you too.
Thanks.
Well, wait a minute.
If you're badly yeah, weeding this.
It's a grand vanish mode.
Yeah.
Beautiful.
Good work.
You can just post a fleet about it.
So it's sort of disappeared.
You're obsessed with the fleet.
You're obsessed with the fleetor.
Is Elon bringing him at back?
I don't know.
He hasn't responded to any of my DM.
All right.
I sent it to you all.
We do have to take a quick break and thank some sponsors.
I'm sure they're going to be thrilled with this episode.
Yeah.
I'll be right back.
I'm something caught in my throat.
It's cool.
Jesus Christ did you know this photographer?
I'll tell the story when we get back in the break.
I just can't stop thinking about Jake saying hint of nut.
I don't think that would stay with me for the rest of my life.
Jeff, why is this?
How is this any worse than the others than that one?
I just think it.
If you zoom in on that one, there's like it's inching on hold.
Yeah.
And also I just think I look better in the other one.
Inching.
I love it.
It's an old thing.
On hold.
On fleek.
And now I'll always have an on fleets.
That's good.
On hold.
On fleets.
And the bathroom is on sweet.
It is.
Well, this is a band or like Twitter.
You can post porn to Twitter technically.
Yeah.
I want to retweet, but I don't want it to be on my timeline.
John Cena.
Here's my weena.
My God.
Gorgeous work kids.
I was captivated by the flowers.
All right, ready?
That was the main event.
Jesus, Chris.
Are you going to keep this up?
What's your next week going to be?
Dick.
The word at 25k.
Jay, Jay, I can't see what's going on.
I'm not even serious.
This is a slippery as slow.
We are back.
Guys, we'll keep checking in on the Twitter every a couple minutes.
But for now, it's time to play.
Welcome to Jasper John's or Vince Vaughan.
No.
Let's see the other pictures of your ass.
Those were the two selects, man.
Yeah, this is Jasper John's or Vince Vaughan.
So I'm going to read quotes.
And you have to attribute them together.
The visual artist Jasper John's or the visual artist.
Visual artist Vince Vaughan.
So my joke about just moving on with a show with a stupid game was.
We're moving on correct.
We're moving.
That's very good.
We're launching into the second half.
Here we go.
Well, yeah, it's two of the greatest artists of our time.
Of our time, which one said what?
Here we go.
I was a bad water till very late.
My mom used to hang my sheets out the window to dry and I'd have to run home from school
in order to beat the other kids to my house so they wouldn't see this.
It feels like a Jasper John.
I'm going to say Jasper John's as well.
Yeah, because why would it be?
Wow.
It was Vince.
So he was afraid that his like eight-year-old friend to be like,
holy shit, you wet your bed.
I can see your mom posting your sheets up on a clothes.
Which, by the way, if they're on a clothespin,
they're clean.
The piece out.
That just looks like someone's doing laundry.
Yeah.
Well, that's why he's been saying Republican though.
Yeah, he's just busy.
What about Vincent Vaughan go?
That's good.
We wasn't an option.
And the game that you made, right?
The last book I read was a book,
the book I've been rereading my most of my life, the fountain head.
Jasper John.
Oh, I thought that was you saying that.
I'm going to go, Vince.
I'm going to go, Vince as well.
Give me Vince.
Ooh.
Uh, what's that?
That's so sad for him.
I knew it was more mortified at that than the ass pictures.
Yeah.
It would be just an embarrassing thing to admit.
Yeah, the ass was fun.
Yeah.
I wish there were more humor in my work than I see in it.
Jasper.
Jasper, Jasper, Jasper.
Give me Jasper.
That's correct.
Well, these sound effects don't work in my headphones.
Yeah, that sounds like you're stuck.
Yeah, good.
I'm a horrible golfer.
Vince, Vince, correct.
Even you don't care about care.
Yeah.
This is the most joyless segment I've ever been a part of.
You've been really rare, though.
Well, you'll never do it for all to see and now your life has no meaning.
Yeah.
Don't you realize you're fine here.
You've achieved it all.
Oh, yeah.
And there's no way else.
But down.
Yeah.
You've actually, you've peaked when you showed your crater.
Isn't that interesting?
Well, there's also two peaks.
20, 20.
20.
And my, yeah.
I didn't know the cell phone for a long time.
I was late in the game.
I'm not in the back.
Vince Vanco.
It feels like a Vince.
Ice.
I'll just go Jasper.
Sam.
Jasper.
Vincent is correct.
Have you seen Swingers?
Have you seen anyone be kind to you when you talk to people like that?
I was just going to say that you might.
You, I think you'd really like it.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I might check it out.
He seems genuinely hurt by that.
It's a really long on perfection.
Jasper.
Correct.
All right.
Just saying that the middle three letters.
I don't know.
Right.
And then it's less and less.
So you're down to just the middle E.
Oh.
Yeah.
I don't know how to have thoughts.
Is that you?
That's a quote.
From you.
I don't know how to have thoughts.
I'm going to get with Jasper.
Jasper.
Correct.
Okay.
You don't worry about being liked.
You have to be yourself.
Since.
Jasper.
Vince.
I'm just trying to find a way to make pictures.
And Jasper.
I think it's Vince.
Yeah, same.
Because motion pictures.
He was Jasper.
Buck.
How old is Vince if he's there?
I got to make a few more pictures.
But I knew I would get at least one person on that.
Oh, no.
I'm just going to come to the picture house.
Your movies are not good.
Oh, that's what I'm saying.
I think you'd really like swingers.
Especially.
Yeah.
And it's a sort of about going out in Los Angeles before.
You might have warned.
Yeah.
I don't.
Oh, sorry.
The Dresden is featured prominently in it.
You know, the Dresden.
Like in Germany.
Yes.
Of course.
The whole fucking movie takes place.
He's not from here.
Have you ever lived here?
No.
So why would you know the Dresden?
I lived here for seven fucking years.
I still barely know the Dresden.
Okay.
And that's fine.
I just think you'd appreciate the film.
The picture.
Whatever I do.
Whatever I do seems artificial and false to me.
Okay.
Jasper.
All right.
So now what's the quote?
Yeah.
Give me Jasper.
How many more?
There's like another page.
I think too many people look at the arts with a religious outlook.
Arts?
Yes.
Jasper.
I got what's wrong.
I'm going to guess Vince Vince Jasper.
Vince.
There's only two more.
Lock it in for those last two.
All right.
Vince then Jasper.
I tend to like things that already exist.
Which is Jasper.
Okay.
And as an artist, I can't be responsible for how people interpret material.
Which is Vince Vaughan.
Mm-hmm.
Great.
You guys are going to like this next one.
Is that a promise?
It really is.
It's Jimmy John.
There's Vince Vaughan.
Are these sandwiches made by?
It's the same Vince Vaughan quote.
We did get some McDonald's.
A sweet potato or a jam.
Welcome to excellent.
Love is fine.
This is great.
Didn't love to do this before?
No.
You did something else with fine.
Yeah.
I feel like you did a game where it was like,
You're going on a blind date with Ralph Bind.
Right.
And you have to...
Faith.
Yeah.
I got to...
Sorry.
Can we just...
What are we here at the lake?
And here what it is.
Why don't we hear what it is before you scrutinize the theme song?
I could hear it.
We can't hear the theme song.
It sounds like nothing to it.
This is love is fine.
You're playing a boombox underwater.
I can't hear it at all.
This is love is fines.
Where I will...
We're going to look into some ray fines rolls.
And you're going to see if you would maybe want to date this person.
Uh...
I love this one.
Yeah.
Well, not really being able to see it.
How is it a game, Riley?
Because what do you mean how is it a game?
It's not a game.
What?
I mean...
What is a game show?
It is no game.
It's just a game.
It's just a big man.
What should we be moving forward please?
It's a big game.
It's just a huge game.
But, you know...
It's a huge game.
Sounds like a balloon to play they
All right, here we go
This is steamed hotel concierge is truly a master
You
This is steamed hotel concierge is a truly a master of
Domain his name is Gustav H and is interesting include poetry etiquette and patient
Yes, he is a bit of a player often servicing the needs sexual or otherwise of rich elder women
However, he is ultimately a romantic and he knows that it enter the hearts of his guests would will he enter yours next?
Yes, no
This is a game
It's another one of those vaccine versus booster debates. I don't want to engage. Can I quickly interrupt? Yeah
Just wondering are you gonna be bringing up the Holocaust
Shinler's list he should have won an Oscar for that role, but Tommy Lee Jones got instead for the huge dip and still upset
No, I'm saying he's a very talented actor
Blanked out the characters, but won't let us guess them
That would make it a game by the way. What make it? This is the game the game is what would you?
Would you fuck mine? Yes, and he's wrong that role. Would you fuck through something for a second? Yes, and then I mean we play this with a different man
Meaning it not Jeff
Not Jeff not finds
That sounds bad to be doing any
Not fine, which are all zag and go no, okay, Jake, Maria. Come on
No, sure. Yeah. Oh, yeah, absolutely. On you okay, see?
Yeah, sure cool and then now you get to see what he looks like. We already knew
Hey, it's rafind
Yeah, well really
Great, but here we go
A military veteran who spent three months as a hostage in the hands of the IRA
All right
So this is this is the English patience. Yeah, this government agent keeps his cards and his secrets close to his chest
Same thing. I wrote you so late at night
If you're looking for a closed off workaholic whose trauma induced erectile dysfunction keeps you itching to crack his shell
Look no further than the head you don't have a mine shirt
Yeah, this isn't how love his blind works either. Yeah, but I can't be
Finds and you don't I mean like to leave it in three minutes. Yeah, right? So would you fuck him? No, really. Yeah, all right
Everybody else come on. I mean, I'm gonna fuck Ray finds like no matter the role. I think except so she's
Separation. Yeah, oh
Let's go. Yes on this one
I would do fair. She but no more. Okay, at his desk
I think we would 69 on the floor
That frank but again, this is not a game
And this is not a game to me
It's too low. Yeah, you take you really seriously, Marika on your casey. I said sure. Yeah sure
If all of you's gonna be sure then I want to have it. Yeah, I haven't seen this movie so
This is what he looks like you guys feel any different no, it's Voldemort
That's so random. I'm gonna change my answer to no now. Yeah, bad suit. I would say fits him well, but bad suit. Here we go
This orphan that's like
This orphan let the his lack of parents get the best of him and if all over time into it
Yeah
It's all over time into an immortal Demi demon leaving behind a promising young career in wizard politics
He turns to the dark arts arts and a master cult following of other low-forgotten souls
Who do his bidding evil incarnate this lord does not possess the capacity for love or empathy
But rumor has it he's mother fucking honed this is Voldemort
It's
Has he's the one I've rolled a word
This is
It's is Voldemort. No, obviously not okay. Yeah, does he even have a penis in this regenerated state? I do think when I was naked in the
Or you yes, yes, yes, he doesn't have a nose. He doesn't have a cask
I was just saying that he has a child in
The cursed child, so I assume right and everything else the series is good point that kind of reality
Yeah, yeah
Good point so are we fucking Voldemort come on yeah, nobody's like chiming in everybody's gonna tap it in like
How old is it? Yes, cool. Yeah, I don't know maybe
Yes, y'all
No, I don't think Voldemort's a generous lover
No, I'm what can you say?
Unless he isn't unique in which case maybe that's all he can do
He does mutual masturbation
No more no bless this is not a game. I would still listen a J.O.I video from Tom
But he does have like crazy snake tongue, so um, not yet
Just does Tom Riddle count?
No, this is Voldemort because Tom Riddle is not played by Ray Finns you fucking asshole
Oh, whoa anything changed now that you guys see him we all know of Voldemort
We know it looks like
I just want him to be just driving him physically same answer all right
I do have to go
Okay, just preemptively based on no information would you fuck this person?
It's a link though, so like you're gonna sleep now
Okay, now plugs
I'm so sorry that I have to leave during the episode just live a review review and if you're watching this you
You know you can find me Riley on Svaw
You caught up. Yeah, yeah Riley on Svaw on Instagram Riley Cody on Twitter just for the word Ireland Ireland if you if you know Ireland
You know me and
Hadgum sketches on YouTube
Uh, it's been an honor. It's been a pleasure. Jake haven't seen you in forever
Marika
Goodbye everyone. I'm so glad we got to share Jeffs
I'm saying how it's doing
Hi Riley
It's doing pretty well, but ultimately your tweet from right before so many people ain't it is doing better
Yeah, but that was over the span of a week. This has been
20 minutes. Yeah, but you'd still you'd really want to see it blow by so many people ain't it?
Yeah, yeah, well, I would appreciate the retreat from you
All right, this is elf this Alfred is penny worth your time
When he lacks an overall charisma he makes up for in borderline feudal levels of loyalty
If you like early 20th century have her dashic fashion, you found the perfect date
Imagine doing the talk about a Lego
Have her dashi
That is one of the insatman's butler
The Lego Batman movie
This is one of the angriest times you've ever been at me
Imagine doing the Omakase at sushi note alongside a man with a pocket watch shining out from his
Shal collar lapel of long coat trust the chef
Nah trust the owl this guy's a straight-up Lego
Would you fucking?
No, I I would not have sex with a Lego. Okay. Yeah, same on your
My quest. Yeah, not yeah, check dryhumping no more
And then knowing what he is a change of mind maybe he's hotter than you thought I saw her than I thought
All right, I maybe do heavy petting over the pants hand job style now that I've seen what he looks like as a Lego
Would you watch them tuck like other Legos?
I would be a warrior with them. I'd be a peeping Tom little
The um are we Lego people in this in this scenario? No, you're you
All right play mobile
This was love is fun
So yeah, we got the picture of you and your butt and then right to the left of it is YouTube's richest creator
Seeking $1.5 billion valuation
So this sort of is the entire gamut of influencers right here, right?
You sort of bear your ass for all the scene where a 150 likes
Meanwhile Mr. Beast is trying to sell 10% of his net worth yeah for 150 million dollars
Do you look up there? I'm looking at the quote tweets
Yeah, yeah, you're looking up there quote tweets
The boy who borrass on Maine that's kind of funny. Yeah, oh no, I just realized what pivotal work he's reading
I think your next tweet should be at 20k followers. I will blank
And then it's something even more
And for my next trick
Yeah, like people are
eager to find out what now
You should here's my pitch just tweet and for my next trick and an only fan's link
And see how many people would sign up. That's really interesting
I like that like you could in theory make thousands of dollars a month. It's no mr. Beast, but
I was starting only fans just for a monthly really good photo of my ass
Right exactly this could be a free free free free free Yeah, yeah free rating yeah, you can make it do do a
Do a subscribe for free for now. You have two photos that's two months
But why would they pay for the cow and they can get the milk for free
I want a variety yeah, right you could make us absolutely money potentially
I made that the money cuz I sold like a tar and yesterday I could tar center took an hour and a half
and I just was like, I need to make back the money that I spent on this fucking photographer.
Shoutout, by the way, Emily Montfort photography. They're an incredible photographer.
They have photographed like a lot of famous people. And I told them I'd plug their stuff.
On Instagram, it's at Emily.Montfort photo. And like,
potentially, oh, now Abby Jacobson, bunch of other cool people.
Emily, they didn't, they didn't post the photo they took of you.
Surprise. It was under embargo. Did Emily see your dick?
No, we came up with a sort of intimacy coordination in that specific regard where I would say
balls. And then they'd turn around. And then I would say clear. And then they'd turn around.
And it was always me facing away from them. That's like a perverted, uh, bear,
chef thing. Yes. Well, yes. I got it. Yeah.
Thank you, Marika. Her chef. Her chef. Yes, chef. They did come up to me at one point and say,
you should be dead. Oh, really? Oh, no. That's a better opportunity.
Did you take any non nude photos? Like, I mean, just nice. Like, headshots. No, because I only had
the peer space place for an hour. So we really had to get in and get out. But yeah,
there are an incredible photographer. If you live in Los Angeles and need somebody
for editorial work for creative projects, uh, check them out. And, um, yeah, we'll see how
this goes. And maybe we'll check in next week on what happened in the wake, um, the ripple effect of my
rippling.
Aftowned.
Any other thoughts or questions about it? I put so much effort into it. And this has been a
long time coming. I feel like we haven't given it the reverence and weight that it deserves.
Let's go plugs.
But plugs. That's really good. We're otherwise. Uh, yeah, what do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point the people to and then any other questions you have got the picture? Yeah.
Uh, follow Jeff on only fans. Yeah. Hopefully sets one up.
Soon it, you got to capitalize strike while the errands hot. Um,
at least a link to a link tree that can potentially one day have the only fans. Yeah, just to make
sure that people are being driven towards an action item. Sure.
I like low energy chapters your name. Yeah. I love the cream.
Chunky knit that you have on. Great sweater. Great sweater. No, I look great in that photo.
Oh, so yeah, like that's what Kayla said. Yeah. What, what is this?
Um, listen to the pit wall. Listen to me and Maria and Casey's podcast, the pit wall. It's
a formula one podcast. Uh, it's great. Check it out. At 10,000 subs, Jake will show his ass.
No, make case. Actually, well, I have the other photo of Jeff's ass that he was not willing to post.
So if we get 10,000 listeners on the F1 podcast, I will tweet that.
And which is revenge porn. And you're going to fucking jail. Yeah.
Maria, could we make this one of our at a home posters? What's that? We could. Yeah. So we'll do
this. We'll put that on the now playing thing outside with a QR code. No, thank you.
That could be good. It makes that like a, a broken, a broken page. Oh, like a four of four. That's
funny. Yeah. That's where we can't find the page you're looking for. Yeah. But here's my
mouth. Stop saying about. Why are you calling them all men joys? Nice. Because there's no
nuts. Oh, false. Anyway, I don't know myself. Oh, my. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Kayla, I'm already and
would love to plug to on you. She still wants to get lunch after this. I'm very hungry. I'd love
to. Where are you thinking needle? I'm never been there. Yeah. I mean, either.
Cool. I mean, it's not make this any longer than a small talk, right? I'm here. What do you
want to plug? Come on. It really is just your only fan. So, okay. Oh, you come slash.
Maria, come on. Follow me on Twitter, letter box, and Instagram at Marie Gellon. Listen,
a bit while, follow just only fans. Yeah. And I hope that on you and Kayla have a good lunch. Thank you.
On you and Casey, what do you have? My dog has an Instagram. Follow Dingo, the dumbass
doodle. I'm just kidding. He doesn't really. He doesn't really. Oh, let's go inside it. And
by tickets to the head come happy hour. Yeah. Yeah. This will be already. Then the next one. Yeah,
December 1st. Yeah, head come dot com slash live for all your live show needs. Yeah. That's
good. Yeah. Plug in the same thing. Follow and submit to the dot love motel. Love it. I actually do
want to do that. Thanks Jeff. Uh, at you. I'm also subscribed to the head come happy hour. Subscribe
to the head come happy hour podcast. Yes. Yeah. Um, yeah. At you. Already on Twitter,
we will probably do something special for 25,000. So, hopefully by the end of the famous
a shit. And, um, at Jeff and Jeffrey James on Instagram for, uh, just my like, you know,
yeah, other shit. Uh, thanks for listening to this episode.
Head come sketches too. Pitwalk. And we'll see you guys next week with an episode that
well, just really can't compete with this one, at least that part of it. And, uh, I'm
rambling. Hey, I'm all hell. I'm rambling again. That's does folks.
That was a head done original.